Each of our Ruqala is an ordinary Buddha. It is the first Buddha, that means. It is the first
Buddha before any Buddhas.
This is the first Buddha. Why is it called a Buddha? It is totally enlightened.
Totally enlightened. Free from all the obscurations. Free from all the negativities.
All the College of Enlightenment, whatever you explain, whatever you read in the book, Buddha
teaching, is all within this Ruqala.
So that means, all the mistakes and errors are totally free from this ordinary Buddha.
And all the College of the Enlightenment is complete within that.
In the Tibetan teaching, or the Buddha's teaching, he always says, "Kyung, kun ses, kyung, ting, k
un ting."
It means, all the errors and mistakes, free from all the errors and mistakes.
Now, all aspects of the good College are completed within this Ruqala.
And therefore, it is enlightened. It is an ordinary Buddha.
How is that Buddha? It is not just a Buddha. Buddha is the embodiment of three kyas.
And you all know, dharmakaya, sambhokaya and namakayas.
This Rupa is embodiment of three kyas.
And what is in the Jokriti teaching pointed out, that emptiness aspect of Rupa is dharmakaya.
Clarity aspect of Rupa is sambhokaya.
The display of energy, energy arising, that aspect of namakayas.
Reality level, all together, there is no difference between the three parts.
That is our Rupa, your Rupa, my Rupa.
So that three kyas of Buddha is right now, with us.
Right now, with us.
This is here, his own. This is the self-born awareness is.
The self-born awareness is the Buddha.
This is the Buddha. He pointed out right now.
He is not saying that it will be Buddha. It was Buddha.
He said, "Right now, this is the Buddha." That is Buddha.
Believe it or not, that is what he is really teaching.
And this is known as also the original dharmakaya.
It never separated from us.
Here is it. That is why it is never separated from us.
But never separated, and even though never separated,
but only we discover today, by the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni,
Aumgara Bhamma Samhara, or Buddha Samhara, we discover.
This is again, the great Master, Madhira.
Madhira, the future Buddha, and also in his teaching, he used examples.
How we are, we didn't see this. He used the examples.
He said, for example, one poor man.
A poor man, he is having so difficulties surviving for him to have food.
Food, so poor. That is perfect.
He is just showing everything, but even to eat, he is having all these troubles.
And he is suffering.
Pareto stays all the time, a long time.
And one man there, he knows that all the karmalik, that was called...
What is called? The mining. He knows the skill of mining.
The skill of mining.
And we saw this poor is suffering so much with Pareto, Pareto, his soul.
His soul, that man is underground.
His house has big solid gold. Big solid gold.
So now, he has big solid gold under his basement or bedroom.
But he is, I don't know, he has many rooms, the bedroom, dining room, these little things.
He is so poor, but just one room will stay.
And he sees that. So now, I don't have to be suffering.
There is such a big gold there, that gold.
But however, even though he has that gold there,
gold is not saying to that poor man, "Hey, I am here. Use me."
And also poor man don't know the gold. I have that gold.
But once he has discovered that gold, that man knows, and now the other man says,
"Oh, there is gold." And he started digging up that with effort, and got that,
and bawling it, and began to use that.
Then he is one of the richest, wealthiest persons.
Then the same way, this tathanga, the Gharbha, the Buddha nature,
Asalg-Bom, Ewens, Dharmakai, is never separated from us.
They are separated from us, but we didn't discover it
until the gracious kindness, the convenient kisses of the Buddha.
We never discovered it. It's helped.
And when it is not discovered, we dilute it.
We carry it by the force, and always looking something,
and hoping something, hoping something, hoping something.
We own it all, and not struggle with that.
Not achieving everything what we want.
But now when we discover that.
Now, therefore, here again, he said,
"Reconize that right time, this time, when we have that opportunity."
And with great joy, great appreciation, great devotions,
how fortunate I am, how grateful I am,
gracious teacher, Buddha, and all those lineage masters, and lineage teachers,
all lineage Sangha members, maintain the curve,
this golden, natural-like teaching of love and kindness to completion visitors.
It's wonderful. Today, I'm reconnecting that teaching.
With that, I discover my trails.
How beautiful, how brave it is.
With that. So, there, with that acknowledgement,
with that, also, it's a devotion to it.
A devotion with both each other, and relax again.
Relaxing that natural status.
Status. And then, gradually,
gradually, we will get that realization will come stronger and stronger.
It will come with the state of the very stable status,
or it will bring us to realization,
then, truly, or to the ordinary natural status.
And that comes gradually, gradually, here.
Gradually. And when it comes, now, when it will come.
But during that time,
during that time, how are we going to take care of that?
Whether it is during meditation or the course of meditation.
Always, that we should hear again the next one,
next line, and that's two lines, or maybe two, three.